Explicit methods for geometry and separate methods for doc objects (#1378)
compas-dev/compas: CHANGELOG.md

* Changed `compas.geometry.curves.nurbs.NurbsCurve.__new__` to prevent instantiation of `NurbsCurve` directly.
* Changed `compas_rhino.geometry.curves.new_nurbscurve_from_...` to `nurbscurve_from_...`.
* Fixed `compas_ghpython` Grasshopper components not included in published pakcage.

> * Changed `compas.colors.Color.coerce` to take color as is, if it is already aninstance of `compas.colors.Color`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Changed `compas.colors.Color.coerce` to take color as is, if it is already an instance of `compas.colors.Color`.
```
